Improvements in configuration lists for AC components (#5291)
kyma-project/kyma: components/application-gateway/README.md

```

The Application Gateway has the following parameters:
- **proxyPort** is the port that acts as a proxy for the calls from services and lambdas to an external solution. The default port is `8080`.
- **externalAPIPort** is the port that exposes the API allowing to check component status. The default port is `8081`.
- **application** is the Application name used to write and read information about services. The default Application is `default-ec`.

> - **namespace** is the namespace in which the Application Gateway is deployed. The default Namespace is `kyma-system`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **namespace** is the Namespace in which the Application Gateway is deployed. The default Namespace is `kyma-system`.
```

> - **requestTimeout** is the timeout for requests sent through the Application Gateway, expressed in seconds. The default time-out is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **requestTimeout** is the timeout for requests sent through the Application Gateway, expressed in seconds. The default value is `1`.
```

- **skipVerify** is the flag for skipping the verification of certificates for the proxy targets. The default value is `false`.
- **requestLogging** is the flag for logging incoming requests. The default value is `false`.

> - **proxyTimeout** is the timeout for requests send through the proxy, expressed in seconds. The default is `10`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **proxyTimeout** is the timeout for requests sent through the proxy, expressed in seconds. The default value is `10`.
```

> - **proxyCacheTTL** is the time to live of Remote API information stored in proxy cache, expressed in seconds. The default value is `120`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **proxyCacheTTL** is the time to live of the remote API information stored in the proxy cache, expressed in seconds. The default value is `120`.
```
